Branching in Git : A branch in git is a pointer to snapshot of our changes.When you create a branch, you are
                   creating a new line of development that you can commit changes to independently of the
                   main project.The 'main' or 'master' branch is typically default branch in a repository.

Basic Branch Operations :

        a) Creating a branch : Use 'git branch <branch-name>' to create a new branch.
        b) Switching Branches : Use 'git checkout <branch-name>' or newer 'git switch <branch-name>'
                                to move to different branches.
        c) Creating and switching : Use 'git checkout -b <branch-name> or newer 'git switch -c 
                                    <branch-name>' to create a new branch and switch to it
                                    immediately.
        d) Merging Branches : Use 'git merge <branch-name>' to merge changes from one branch to
                              another branch.
        e) Deleting Branches : Use 'git branch -d <branch-name>' to delete a branch.

To know the importance of branching in git view this site (https://www.toolsqa.com/git/branch-in-git/)

Pull Request :

    Once u created a new branch and developed the new feature, now you need to merge this branch with
    the main branch. To do this we use pull requests.

    1) To do pull requests, go to github then click on pull requests.
    2) Now click on  New pull request then choose the base branch to which you want to merge changes
       and compare with branch i.e the banch you want to merge to base branch.
    3) Now click on create pull request. Then add the description of the changes u have done. Then
       in right panel you have reviewers option available. You can select name of the reviewers to
       review your code.Finally click on create pull request. Once u click on create pull request
       reviewers gets notified by email to review ur code.They will get the same page as you see  
       now (Pull request page).Reviewers go to files changed tab on the top-right corner and there
       they can see the actual changes made by you. Then can comment there if they don't understand etc.
    4) Once the code review is completed, the reviewers will accept the pull request if they are no
       bugs in your code.
    5) Now click on the Merge Pull Request.Then add some comments and them click on confirm then Your
       branch is merged with the base branch.Then u can delete the new branch.

    6) But this new branch is deleted in remote repository. To delete in local repository, use
       'git branch -d <branch-name>' command.

    Note : Once you merged branches on github, pull the changes into the local repository by using
           this command

           git pull origin main

           Now you can delete the branch in both local repository and remote repository

           Local Repository Branch Deletion: 'git branch -d <branch-name>'
           Remote Repository Branch Deletion : 'git push orign --delete <branch-name>'